# ChamberCrawler3000(CC3K)
I produced the video game ChamberCrawler3000(CC3K), which is a simplified rogue-like (a genre of video game based upon the game Rogue1 - https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rogue_(video_game)). A game of CC3k consists of a board 79 columns wide and 30 rows high (5 rows are reserved for displaying information). Game play is as follows: the player character moves through a dungeon and slays enemies and collects treasure until reaching the end of the dungeon (where the end of the dungeon is the 5th floor). A dungeon consists of different floors that consist of chambers connected with passages. In my simplification, each floor will always consist of the same 5 chambers connected in exactly the same way (outlined below). CC3k differs from other rogue-likes in a significant way: it does not update the terminal/window in real-time but rather redraws all elements every turn (e.g. after every command). Many early rogue-likes were programmed in a similar fashion to CC3K. There are many different races for both players and enemies, and they all have different features and stats. There are also a variety of items distributed ramdonly in the map, some have positive effects but some are not a good idea for the player to use, before you actually used/picked it, you never know if it's good or bad for you. A game session ends in one of the following ways: the player character reaches the stairs on floor 5, the player character’s health reaches 0, the player restarts the game or quits. A player’s score is only generated in the first of above two cases. Score is determined by the amount of gold they have collected in their current character’s life time (except for shades who have a 50% increase to their score).

Contact me at r2999xu@uwaterloo.com for more info!
